# Always Play Final Day - Mod for Content Warning

Allow crew to play the final evening, even if they will not meet quota.

This is useful in Vanilla if the camera was still in the diving bell when all players died, and you'd still like to see what was on it.

It is also used by my other mod (KeepCameraAfterDeath) to ensure the crew can watch their final day of footage, even if they lose their camera underground and aren't going to meet quota.

When you go to sleep at the end of the final day, the regular Game Over sequence will play.

- *The base game will end the third day immediately, if there is no returning player holding the camera and it detects quota has not been met.*
- *This feature can be toggled on or off in the game menu, in case it interacts with other mods.*

### Changelog

**v1.0.1**
- fix dependency

**v1.0.0**
- Initial release

### Contact Us

🚨 If you found this mod on any site except for *Thunderstore* or *r2 Modman* (or on the Steam Workshop under HumbleKraken), then I cannot guarantee the safety of the file you have downloaded! 🚨

Please report this back to me on my GitHub https://github.com/alexandria-p or my Twitter account https://twitter.com/HumbleKraken.

Feel free to tweet at me too if you enjoyed using this mod.

If you would like to report any bugs, join the Content Warning modding discord and find me there.

# Installation steps

### All crew members must have this mod installed, and follow these steps

* Install the mod on the Steam Workshop
* Ensure you have its dependencies also installed
* If there is any trouble, try moving Content Loader and Mycelium higher up the mod loader than this mod.

# Known bugs

- No known bugs at this stage. Report bugs in the Content Warning discord, or on my GitHub.

# Can I copy this mod's code? Can I contribute to this project?

*You cannot wholesale copy this mod with the intent of passing it off as your own.*

Ideally, you should be able to raise an issue or pull request on this project, so that any new functionality can stay in a single mod & be toggleable by users in the game settings. If this gives you trouble, please see the "Contact Us" section of this README for details on how to get in touch.

If you'd like to fork the project to add or change functionality, please message me first at my GitHub or Twitter and make sure you link back to my GitHub repository in your mod description.

https://github.com/alexandria-p/ContentWarning-AlwaysPlayFinalDay

I wholeheartedly encourage you to look at the mod files on my GitHub to learn more about how it was made 💝 I have learnt so much by reading the source code of other mods.

# Dependencies 
(these will be installed automatically if you use r2 modman)
- BepInEx-BepInExPack-5.4.2100
- RugbugRedfern-MyceliumNetworking-1.0.14

# References

Scaffolded using Hamunii's tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0lVCSSKqTY

Uses the Xilo's Content Warning Templates: https://github.com/ContentWarningCommunity/Content-Warning-Mod-Templates

This template uses MonoMod, and the MMHOOK_Assembly-CSharp.dll file generated by Hamunii-AutoHookGenPatcher-1.0.4.
